README.md, before:

# Water-Sampler-Float

TODO list:

UI:
Calibrate button for the surface of the water in UI
From UI ability to clear, reset, download, start profile
Ability to update time stamps from interface so the float and device are synced for outputs (maybe gps time in future?)
Battery monitoring?
Float serial number/name reporting for multiples when needed?

ESP32:
Volume calcs for the buoyancy engine
FInish status led calcs based on time-time rather than delays
Adding accelerometers for motion? This would also potentially allow emergency ascend if stationary for longer than a timeout. 
Bottom detection based on depth change over time? PID control?
Calculate pressure from the top but offset so depth is from the bottom so when you touch the mud the water depth is the actual mud line
LoRa deeper research for the comms path, potential LoRa mesh in future to extend them out
battery charging via inductive or solar or both. 
How to isolate batteries when not charging, possibly tie to power switch via DPDT type mechanism.

Commit message:

Working toward logging and error reporting

README.md, after:

# Water-Sampler-Float

TODO list:

UI:
-Calibrate button for the surface of the water in UI
-From UI ability to clear, reset, download, start profile
-Ability to update time stamps from interface so the float and device are synced for outputs (maybe gps time in future?)
-Battery monitoring?
-Float serial number/name reporting for multiples when needed?
-Make a log txt file and write to the memory for retrieval via web ui when diagnostics are required. Flag info vs error when writing and write to a var so the UI can show if new errors occured during run

ESP32:
-Volume calcs for the buoyancy engine
-Finish status led calcs based on time-time rather than delays
-Adding accelerometers for motion? This would also potentially allow emergency ascend if stationary for longer than a timeout. 
-Bottom detection based on depth change over time? PID control?
-Calculate pressure from the top but offset so depth is from the bottom so when you touch the mud the water depth is the actual mud line
-LoRa deeper research for the comms path, potential LoRa mesh in future to extend them out
-battery charging via inductive or solar or both. 
-How to isolate batteries or not based on charge status, possibly tie to power switch via DPDT type mechanism. 
-LED light status for battery status while on charge?
